# Call of Duty® for GitHub Foundation

#### Game Slogans & Taglines
"In war, no one fights alone."
— Game slogan

"THERE'S A SOLDIER IN ALL OF US."
— Series tagline

#### Summary / Introduction (How it all Started)
Call of Duty is a first-person shooter video game series created by Infinity Ward.

The series was published by Activision and most of the games have been developed by Infinity Ward and Treyarch, though some were developed by Amaze Entertainment and Gray Matter Interactive Studios. Newer entries have been released on a yearly basis with Infinity Ward, Sledgehammer Games, and Treyarch interchanging as producers each year.

Call of Duty, the first installment in the series, won over eighty Game of the Year awards in 2003. In 2005, Call of Duty 2 was the first Xbox 360 title to sell one million copies and was the bestselling game of that year. In 2007, Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare was a critical and commercial success, being the bestselling game of 2007 and having sold 10 million copies by June 2008. In 2009, Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2 broke the record for highest gross from a form of media's first day on the market, bringing in $310 million in the United States, United Kingdom, and Australia alone, beating Grand Theft Auto IV's record of $310 million worldwide. However, the highest revenue generated by an entertainment product in 24 hours is now held by Grand Theft Auto V at $800 million, $300 million more than Call of Duty: Black Ops II. [1] Call of Duty: Ghosts was predicted by Activision to surpass this record, [2] although did not succeed. Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare, the first Call of Duty solely developed by Sledgehammer Games, broke new ground in the franchise by introducing a setting far into the the future with a futuristic movement system, and was highly acclaimed and was the top selling game of the year. [3] Call of Duty: Black Ops III was the biggest entertainment launch of 2015. [4] Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare took the franchise to space and was released along with Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered, and became the top-grossing game of 2016, with both games receiving acclaim by critics and fans alike. [5]

Overall, the franchise has earned over $30 billion since the first installment in 2003, with cumulative sales exceeding 425 million copies. [6] As of Q2 2021, it is one of Activision Blizzard's three largest franchises, alongside Candy Crush and World of Warcraft.

#### Copyright Information
© 2022 Activision Publishing, Inc. ACTIVISION, CALL OF DUTY, CALL OF DUTY LEAGUE, CALL OF DUTY MODERN WARFARE, MODERN WARFARE, CALL OF DUTY BLACK OPS, CALL OF DUTY WARZONE, WARZONE and CALL OF DUTY VANGUARD are trademarks of Activision Publishing, Inc. All other trademarks and trade names are the property of their respective owners.
